hello my dear lovers
easter eggs in today's video games
release, we will try to look for them in the game
prototype developed by radical
entertainment and released in june 2009
of the year
well and let's start the search right away
easter and easter begin
beginning in the introductory video us
show how two scientists morgue and
follows the body of our main character
alex mercer and one of them
wondered whether mercer has
attitude to secret experiments on
fifty ground floor it sure
is a direct allusion to the secret
american base called zone 51
because the name is practically
identical on the front of the body
buses in the game showing off the letter as well
entered in the blue circle is part
radical entertainment company logo
the developer of this game and in this way
they decided to insert a small link
on yourself when doing all
additional absorption missions
scientists appear on the map with
location of karin park after
activating this task you can
see a video about how Alex
finds her and most likely kills
although in the video itself is not shown
we go further among the posters on the buildings
You can meet several cities
interesting specimens on one of them
flaunts a company logo creating
awesome comics about such
superheroes like batman superman flash
green arrow and many others and
called she
disi near the end of the game can be found
some more billboards
being about three
Quarters north of Times Square
and written on them in huge letters
decker or treatment and bottom red
paint signed that it is a lie
all this by referring to the game portal and and
mysterious cake that is everywhere too
adorned with posters and signs that the cake
this is a lie and the inscriptions themselves are very
similar we continue when the game was still on
development network leaked information
about lying in one of the places cut off
leg and as soon as the game came out huge
the number of players still trying
I managed to find her
find her and she is on the roof of the building
in east roots to the north
central park right behind
ventilation system and what else
I wonder how we manage it
find us immediately on the map indicate
location of secret blood level
toxin substance codenamed hey
113 is easter eggs often
used cartoons created
Californian school graduates
arts where is the class number
graphic design and thats probably one
of the graduates of this school put his
hand to create this game so how here
this inscription appeared today
It was the last Easter eggs who liked
my video do not forget to share it with
your friends and put under like
, idea subscribe to my two
wonderful channel with igropaskhalkami
and kinoposhhalkami
still join my group in contact and
also a lot of interesting and well on
see you soon, my dear
friends bye